vulnerable,vulnerable
vulgar,vulgar
vital,vital
visual,visual
visible,visible
violin,el violín
vertical,vertical
version,la versión
verbal,verbal
usual,usual
universal,universal
union,la unión
tropical,tropical
triple,triple
total,el total
terror,el terror
television,la televisión
taxi,el taxi
superior,superior
superficial,superficial
solo,el solo
similar,similar
singular,el singular
simple,simple
sentimental,sentimental
secular,secular
rural,rural
ritual,ritual
revision,la revisión
religion,la religión
regional,regional
region,la región
radio,el radio
radical,radical
protector,el protector
propaganda,la propaganda
probable,probable
principal,principal
plural,el plural
piano,el piano
personal,personal
peculiar,peculiar
patio,el patio
pastor,el pastor
pasta,la pasta
panorama,el panorama
oriental,oriental
original,original
oral,oral
opera,la ópera
normal,normal
natural,natural
musical,el musical
municipal,municipal
multiple,múltiple
motor,el motor
mortal,el/la mortal
motel,el motel
moral,moral
miserable,miserable
melon,el melón
mediocre,mediocre
material,el material
marginal,marginal
manual,el manual
mango,el mango
macho,el macho
local,local
literal,literal
liberal,liberal
legal,legal
lateral,lateral
kilo,kilo
judicial,judicial
irregular,irregular
invisible,invisible
invasion,la invasión
interminable,interminable
inspector,el inspector
inferior,inferior
inseparable,inseparable
inevitable,inevitable
industrial,industrial
individual,individual
incursion,la incursión
implacable,implacable
imperial,imperial
ideal,ideal
idea,la idea
horror,el horror
horizontal,horizontal
hobby,el hobby
habitual,habitual
grave,grave
global,global
genesis,la génesis
general,general
gala,la gala
fundamental,fundamental
frontal,frontal
formula,la fórmula
formal,formal
flexible,flexible
final,final
festival,el festival
federal,federal
familiar,familiar
factor,el factor
exterior,el exterior
extension,la extensión
explosion,la explosión
experimental,experimental
excursion,la excursión
error,el error
enigma,el enigma
elementary,elemental
electoral,electoral
editorial,el editorial
division,la división
disc,el disco
director,el director
dimension,la dimensión
diagonal,diagonal
decision,la decisión
debate,el debate
cultural,cultural
crisis,la crisis
criminal,criminal
cordial,cordial
control,el control
considerable,considerable
confusion,la confusión
conclusion,la conclusión
combustion,la combustión
coma,el coma
colonial,colonial
collar,el collar
club,el club
civil,civil
circular,circular
chocolate,el chocolate
check,el cheque
cerebral,cerebral
central,central
carbon,el carbón
capital,la capital
canon,el canon
cancer,el cáncer
canal,el canal
cable,el cable
brutal,brutal
balance,el balance
automobile,el auto
artificial,artificial
area,el área
animal,el animal
altar,el altar
alcohol,el alcohol
admirable,admirable
actor,el actor
visit,la visita
use,el uso
terrible,terrible
temperature,la temperatura
telephone,el teléfono
tea,el té
story,la historia
estate,la hacienda
special,especial
social,social
situation,la situación
service,el servicio
second,segundo
return,el retorno
repeat,la repetición
regular,regular
problem,el problema
price,el precio
popular,popular
person,la persona
perfect,perfecto
pardon,el perdón
or,o
opinion,la opinión
number,el número
no,no
necessary,necesario
nature,la naturaleza
music,la música
minute,el minuto
menu,el menú
language,el lenguaje
interesting,interesante
favorite,favorito
fantastic,fantástico
family,la familia
excellent,excelente
dollar,el dólar
day,el día
cost,el coste
urgent,urgente
police,la policía
medicine,la medicina
hospital,el hospital
emergency,la emergencia
doctor,el doctor
accident,el accidente
university,la universidad
theatre,el teatro
train,el tren
station,la estación
restaurant,el restaurante
park,el parque
office,la oficina
ocean,el océano
north,el norte
mountain,la montaña
map,el mapa
island,la isla
hotel,el hotel
gas,el gas
to explore,explorar
distance,la distancia
car,el carro
bar,el bar
bank,el banco
airport,el aeropuerto
to happen,suceder
to stand,soportar
to stir,revolver
to subtract,restar
to remember,recordar
to remove,quitar
to try,procurar
to intend,pretender
to bother,molestar
to not know,ignorar
to record,grabar
to arouse,excitar
to throw,echar
to argue,discutir
to wake up,despertar
to disappoint,decepcionar
to repay,corresponder
to answer,contestar
to crash,chocar
to armor-plate,blindar
to attend,asistir
glass,el vaso
trap,la trampa
event,el suceso
soup,la sopa
wage,el salario
clothing,la ropa
network,la red
collection,la recolección
recipe,la receta
plagiarism,el plagio
condom,el preservativo
boss,el patrón
relative,el pariente
potato,la papa
bread,el pan
trade,el oficio
eleven,once
opportunity,la ocasión
news,la noticia
name,el nombre
business,el negocio
mass,la masa
brand,la marca
breast,la mama
bookstore,la librería
lyrics,la letra
reading,la lectura
retirement,la jubilación
language,el idioma
mood,el humor
soccer,el fútbol
signature,la firma
lack,la falta
factory,la fábrica
success,el éxito
elevator,el elevador
manners,la educación
misfortune,la desgracia
crime,el delito
disappointment,la decepción
damaged,damnificado
glass,la copa
driver,el conductor
commitment,el compromiso
build,la complexión
school,el colegio
letter,la carta
folder,la carpeta
charge,el cargo
countryside,el campo
legal practice,el bufete
trillion,el billón
high school,el bachillerato
attendance,la asistencia
murderer,el asesino
plot,el argumento
sand,la arena
eulogy,la apología
warning,la advertencia
last,último
lately,últimamente
on,sobre
healthy,sano
royal,real
bigger,mayor
long,largo
funny,gracioso
annoying,fastidioso
exciting,emocionante
possible,eventual
polite,educado
dismissed,destituido
cultured,culto
red,colorado
white,blanco
brave,bizarro
nowadays,actualmente
injury,la herida
pregnant,embarazada
present,actual
fabric,la tela
degree,la carrera
sensitive,sensible
to do,realizar