one hundred,cien
three quarters,tres cuartos
half,la mitad
third,el tercio
two thirds,dos tercios
fourth,cuarta parte
fifth,quinta parte
sixth,la sexta parte
seventh,la séptima parte
one-eighth,octava parte
one hundred,ciento
two hundred,doscientos
three hundred,trescientos
four hundred,cuatrocientos
five hundred,quinientos
six hundred,seiscientos
seven hundred,el setecientos
eight hundred,ochocientos
nine hundred,novecientos
thousand,mil
twentieth,vigésimo
nineteenth,decimonoveno
eighteenth,decimoctavo
seventeenth,decimoséptimo
sixteenth,decimosexto
fifteenth,decimoquinto
fourteenth,decimocuarto
thirteenth,decimotercero
twelfth,duodécimo
eleventh,undécimo
tenth,décimo
ninth,noveno
eighth,octavo
seventh,séptimo
sixth,sexto
fifth,quinto
fourth,cuarto
third,tercero
second,segundo
first,primero
ninety-nine,noventa y nueve
ninety-eight,noventa y ocho
ninety-seven,noventa y siete
ninety-six,noventa y seis
ninety-five,noventa y cinco
ninety-four,noventa y cuatro
ninety-three,noventa y tres
ninety-two,noventa y dos
ninety-one,noventa y uno
ninety,noventa
eighty-nine,ochenta y nueve
eighty-eight,el ochenta y ocho
eighty-seven,ochenta y siete
eighty-six,ochenta y seis
eighty-five,ochenta y cinco
eighty-four,ochenta y cuatro
eighty-three,ochenta y tres
eighty-two,ochenta y dos
eighty-one,ochenta y uno
eighty,ochenta
seventy-nine,setenta y nueve
seventy-eight,setenta y ocho
seventy-seven,setenta y siete
seventy-six,setenta y seis
seventy-five,setenta y cinco
seventy-four,setenta y cuatro
seventy-three,setenta y tres
seventy-two,setenta y dos
seventy-one,setenta y uno
seventy,setenta
sixty-nine,sesenta y nueve
sixty-eight,sesenta y ocho
sixty-seven,sesenta y siete
sixty-six,sesenta y seis
sixty-five,sesenta y cinco
sixty-four,sesenta y cuatro
sixty-three,sesenta y tres
sixty-two,sesenta y dos
sixty-one,sesenta y uno
forty-four,cuarenta y cuatro
sixty,sesenta
fifty-nine,cincuenta y nueve
fifty-eight,cincuenta y ocho
fifty-seven,cincuenta y siete
fifty-six,cincuenta y seis
fifty-five,cincuenta y cinco
fifty-four,cincuenta y cuatro
fifty-three,cincuenta y tres
fifty-two,cincuenta y dos
fifty-one,cincuenta y uno
fifty,cincuenta
forty-nine,cuarenta y nueve
forty-eight,cuarenta y ocho
forty-seven,cuarenta y siete
forty-six,cuarenta y seis
forty-five,cuarenta y cinco
forty-three,cuarenta y tres
forty-two,cuarenta y dos
forty-one,cuarenta y uno
forty,cuarenta
thirty-nine,treinta y nueve
thirty-eight,el treinta y ocho
thirty-seven,treinta y siete
thirty-six,treinta y seis
thirty-five,treinta y cinco
thirty-four,treinta y cuatro
thirty-three,treinta y tres
thirty-two,treinta y dos
thirty-one,treinta y uno
thirty,el treinta
twenty-nine,el veintinueve
twenty-eight,veintiocho
twenty-seven,veintisiete
twenty-six,veintiséis
twenty-five,veinticinco
twenty-four,veinticuatro
twenty-three,veintitrés
twenty-two,veintidós
twenty-one,veintiuno
twenty,veinte
nineteen,diecinueve
eighteen,el dieciocho
seventeen,diecisiete
sixteen,dieciséis
fifteen,quince
fourteen,el catorce
thirteen,trece
twelve,doce
eleven,once
ten,diez
nine,nueve
eight,ocho
seven,siete
six,seis
five,cinco
four,cuatro
three,tres
two,dos
one,uno